c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\SquetBot.exe.config
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\SquetBot.exe
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\SquetBot.pdb
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\obj\Debug\SquetBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\obj\Debug\SquetBot.exe
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\obj\Debug\SquetBot.pdb
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\pugki\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SquetBot\SquetBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
